hey youtube its osu harding one and
welcome to my very first lego starwars
review now one thing that I'm going to
do here differently than what a lot of
the other Star Wars reviews on YouTube
is I'm actually going to talk about the
significance of this particular set in
regard to the movie there are a lot of
YouTube Lego Star Wars reviews out there
I'm not going to tell you anything any
different about this set than what is
already out there so I'm just going to
talk about it in relation to the movies
okay so just real quick on the specifics
this is the x-wing fighter the 2012 Lego
Star Wars x-wing fighter here's the box
so Lego Star Wars is set nine for nine
threes the x-wing Starfighter 560 pieces
okay
the menu minifigures it comes with four
figures it's got the this is the r5 d 8
droid just a basic droid there and then
you also get another pilot x-wing pilot
this is not Luke Skywalker but you also
get there actually in the jet here but
there is r2d2 in there and then in the
cockpit here is actually Luke Skywalker
okay Luke Skywalker is in there alright
now I am an adult oh and here's Luke's
lightsaber I'm an adult and my Star Wars
experience was limited to the first
three Star Wars that came out so that is
the new hope Empire Strikes Back and
Return of the Jedi okay the other three
the Phantom Menace the clone not the
Clone Wars but the attack of the clones
and the Revenge of the Sith I have not
seen them all so I don't know any of
those ships or anything but this
particular set the x-wing fighter is
significant in the first three alright
this one is the set that or this is the
ship that Luke Skywalker used to destroy
the Death Star
okay this is in attack mode when the
wings are out like that that is in
attack mode
and this is the exact scene with you
know Luke Skywalker flying the the
Starfighter with r2d2 in the back and
this is the this spaceship that Luke
Skywalker flew in the very first movie
that destroyed the Death Star and and
Darth Vader was chasing him in a TIE
fighter okay so that's the significance
in the first movie in the second movie
and the Empire Strikes Back
this is the ship that Luke Skywalker
flew to the planet to find Yoda okay
Luke Skywalker was going to learn how to
be a Jedi from Yoda and this is the the
craft that he flew and he actually
crash-landed it okay and then and then
when he was when's Luke Skywalker was
losing using the Force or learning how
to use the Force he was trying to lift
this Starfighter out of the water in one
and was not able to do it originally and
then Yoda was able to lift it out of the
water so that's the these are very
significant this is a very significant
starcraft in the movies okay and finally
in the Return of the Jedi this is again
the Starfighter that was used once Han
Solo and everyone down on the planet was
able to disable the force field on the
Death Star number two this was the
actual star craft that was able to
destroy the Death Star number two as
well so this is a very very significant
ship in the original trilogy of Star
Wars so I think any of the adults or
Star Wars fans who like the Star Wars
set this is a must have the x-wing
Starfighter is a iconic ship in the
original trilogy it has such a
significant importance in everything
that that took place in those original
trilogy movie so now guys I don't have a
lot of Star Wars stuff in fact this is
my first one but I do have a TIE fighter
that I'll be doing here in the next
couple of weeks and I'll do the same
thing with that one
I'll talk about the significance of the
TIE fighter and I also have the money in
Falken and I'll talk about that one too
and I know those are been around a while
but again my intent is to not show you
something that you haven't already seen
about the set my intent is to talk about
the significance of the set and how it
enter how it was portrayed in the movie
and and why it's even a Star Wars set
from Lego so anyway guys that's my Star
Wars set and and I talk about how it
relates to the movie thanks for watching
thanks to all the subscribers keep
checking back for more builds more
reviews and more Star Wars stuff alright
guys thanks for watching